README.md, before:

# ContextSteering Unity
A research project regarding "context steering behaviors" for use in games with a practical implemention in the Unity game engine.

## Introduction
Steering behaviors are movement algorithms that determine where an AI agent should be next.
These algorithms use basic information about the AI agent (current position, velocity, direcetion, ...) and the world to make a decision on where to go next.
The steering behavior will calculate a direction vector to adjust the movement of the AI agent.

These simple steeringbehaviors can then be combined 

## The need for context steering


## Context steering overview

## Implementation

## Result
### ContextSteering behaviour using Chase and avoid
![ContextSteeringPathFinding](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41028126/151200242-e4261247-d152-46fb-8299-14b755f4c060.gif)

### ContextSteering behaviour Directional steering and avoid
![ContextSteeringRacing](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41028126/151201575-8f0ae3fe-27a4-4245-b2f1-cb11f022bc0a.gif)

## Conclusion / Future Work

## Sources

Commit message:

Updated readme added section about context maps

README.md, after:

# ContextSteering Unity
A research project regarding "context steering behaviors" for use in games with a practical implemention in the Unity game engine.

## Introduction
Steering behaviors are movement algorithms that determine where an AI agent should be next.
These algorithms use basic information about the AI agent (current position, velocity, direcetion, ...) and the world to make a decision on where to go next.
The steering behavior will calculate a direction vector to adjust the movement of the AI agent.

These simple steeringbehaviors can then be combined in combined steering behaviors the create more complex movement and make the agent seem more intelligent

## The need for context steering
The need for context steering arises when players are able to inspect individual AI agents and observe them closesy avoiding collision with other agents and with the static world. The more steering behaviors are combined the harder it will become for the developer to tune the parameters of each and every one of those steering behaviors to achieve the behavior needed. This could also possibly mean that the behavior components itself will grow in size and become tightly coupled. These tightly coupled behaviors can then cause problems in terms of maintainability of the codebase.

Context steering combines small context behaviors that can be combinded together without tightly coupling them.
## Context steering overview
Think of context steering as a steering behavior that wants to go in a certain amount of directions equally divided over a circle.
If it was just this, the agent would stand still because all directions have an equal length thus they all apply the same amount of force to the agent negating eachother. We alter the force applied by these directions by the desire of the behavior to go in a certain direction. 
These scalar values of how desired or undesired a certain direction is are stored in Context maps.

### Context maps
Each context behavior has 2 context maps, an interest context map and a danger context map. The context steeringbehavior uses the interst map to represent its desire to go into a certain direction while the danger map represents the oposite.

For example a chase or seek context behavior will fill the slots of the interest map with higher scaler values relative the amount the corresponding direction of the slot is pointing in the same direction as the direction vector to the target of the chase behavior (think Dot product).

An avoid context steering behavior will do the exact oposite this behavior will fill the dangermap with scalar values.
Each slot of the danger map again corresponds to a direction the agent can move in and the value in the slot itself represents the behaviors desire to NOT go into that direction.

Keep in mind that there should always be an equal amount of slots in both the interest map and danger map as there are directions the agent can move in.

### Context Merger
The context merger will gather all interest and danger maps from all context behaviors active on the AI agent and merge them together to get to a final direction vector result to move the agent with.

#### How the context maps are merged



## Implementation

## Result
### ContextSteering behaviour using Chase and avoid
![ContextSteeringPathFinding](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41028126/151200242-e4261247-d152-46fb-8299-14b755f4c060.gif)

### ContextSteering behaviour Directional steering and avoid
![ContextSteeringRacing](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41028126/151201575-8f0ae3fe-27a4-4245-b2f1-cb11f022bc0a.gif)

## Conclusion / Future Work

## Sources
